dnsmasq: Add docs for the firewall alias (ipset) feature (#754)
opnsense/docs: source/manual/dnsmasq.rst

**IP address**                                   ``127.0.0.1``  (Unbound listens on this IP address and port)
**Port**                                         ``53053``
================================================ =======================================================================================================

Apply the configuration and test DNS resolution with a client.

Firewall Alias (IPset)
--------------------------------------------------

Dnsmasq has a powerful feature, it can add resolved IP addresses to firewall aliases.

This is quite useful in restricted networks or to gather statistics.

As example, you provide a guest network, but users should only access ``example.com``. With a normal firewall alias, this might be challenging,
as the domain might use multiple subdomains that serve additional content. It could also use a CDN to load balance content across different servers with dynamically
changing IP addresses per client.

With a Dnsmasq managed alias, this becomes rather simple as it will automatically add new IPv4 and IPv6 addresses as soon as they are requested by clients.

> A requirement to use this feature is that Dnsmasq is your primary DNS resolver for all clients, and access to any other DNS servers are blocked. A different approach is to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A requirement to use this feature is that Dnsmasq is your primary DNS server for all clients, and access to any other DNS servers is blocked. A different approach is to
```

==================================  =======================================================================================================
Option                              Value
==================================  =======================================================================================================
**Name**                            ``dnsmasq_example_com``
**Type**                            ``External (advanced)``
**Expire**                          PLACEHOLDER
==================================  =======================================================================================================

After creating the alias, go to :menuselection:`Services --> Dnsmasq DNS & DHCP --> Domains`:

==================================  =======================================================================================================
Option                              Value
==================================  =======================================================================================================
**Domain**                          ``example.com``  (This also includes all subdomains under example.com)

> **IP Address**                      (This can be empty, but if you query forward this domain from Unbound, set a public resolver here)

Author: Note to myself:

IP and Port should be set if dnsmasq is first and forwards to unbound. Eg 127.0.0.1 port 53053.

Otherwise public resolver or other.
